value keyword: mention indexer usage (#15287)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/keywords/value.md

---
# value (C# Reference)

> The contextual keyword `value` is used in the `set` accessor in [property](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/properties.md) and [indexer](../../programming-guide/indexers/index.md) declarations. It is similar to an input parameter on a method. The word `value` references the value that client code is attempting to assign to the property or indexer. In the following example, `MyDerivedClass` has a property called `Name` that uses the `value` parameter to assign a new string to the backing field `name`. From the point of view of client code, the operation is written as a simple assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contextual keyword `value` is used in the `set` accessor in [property](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/properties.md) and [indexer](../../programming-guide/indexers/index.md) declarations. It is similar to an input parameter of a method. The word `value` references the value that client code is attempting to assign to the property or indexer. In the following example, `MyDerivedClass` has a property called `Name` that uses the `value` parameter to assign a new string to the backing field `name`. From the point of view of client code, the operation is written as a simple assignment.
```

Author: @Youssef1313 I can't spot the change. Could you please point me to the change you're suggesting?

Reviewer: parameter ((on)) a method -> of

Author: @Youssef1313 indeed, thanks!

[!code-csharp[csrefKeywordsModifiers#26](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/csrefKeywordsModifiers/CS/csrefKeywordsModifiers.cs#26)]

> For more information, see the [Properties](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/properties.md) or [Indexeres](../../programming-guide/indexers/index.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Properties](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/properties.md) and [Indexeres](../../programming-guide/indexers/index.md) articles.
```
